{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang2057\plain\fs24\fet1
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Arial;}
}
{\info
{\createim\yr2024\mo8\dy12\hr15\min9}
}

\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440
\slmult0\ltrpar\li0
{\fs20
T\u7892\'3fNG K\u7870\'3fT
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs20
Quan ni\u7879\'3fm c\u7911\'3fa HCM v\u7873\'3f con ng\u432\'3f\u7901\'3fi
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
Here, you will write down your successes and failures or challenges. Some things to think about:
1. What went as planned? What didn't? 
2. What surprised you about the process? 
3. What key takeaways do you have from the project in terms of what was promised/expected versus what was delivered?
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Con ng\u432\'3f\u7901\'3fi \u273\'3f\u432\'3f\u7907\'3fc nh\u236\'3fn nh\u7853\'3fn nh\u432\'3f m\u7897\'3ft ch\u7881\'3fnh th\u7875\'3f
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Con ng\u432\'3f\u7901\'3fi c\u7909\'3f th\u7875\'3f, l\u7883\'3fch s\u7917\'3f
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
B\u7843\'3fn ch\u7845\'3ft c\u7911\'3fa con ng\u432\'3f\u7901\'3fi mang t\u237\'3fnh x\u227\'3f h\u7897\'3fi
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs20
Gi\u7843\'3fi th\u237\'3fch c\u226\'3fu n\u243\'3fi c\u7911\'3fa HCM
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
A project retrospective is all about learning and improving. Looking at the successes and challenges, what can be improved for the next time: 
- Processes
- Timeline
- Goal-setting
- Teamwork
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs20
Li\u234\'3fn h\u7879\'3f th\u7921\'3fc ti\u7877\'3fn
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
A project retrospective is all about learning and improving. Looking at the successes and challenges, what can be improved for the next time: 
- Processes
- Timeline
- Goal-setting
- Teamwork
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs20
Quan ni\u7879\'3fm c\u7911\'3fa HCM v\u7873\'3f vai tr\u242\'3f c\u7911\'3fa con ng\u432\'3f\u7901\'3fi v\u224\'3f chi\u7871\'3fn l\u432\'3f\u7907\'3fc "tr\u7891\'3fng ng\u432\'3f\u7901\'3fi"
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
Are there any loose ends to tie up with this project? Are there next steps?
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Quan \u273\'3fi\u7875\'3fm c\u7911\'3fa H\u7891\'3f Ch\u237\'3f Minh v\u7873\'3f vai tr\u242\'3f c\u7911\'3fa con ng\u432\'3f\u7901\'3fi
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Quan \u273\'3fi\u7875\'3fm c\u7911\'3fa H\u7891\'3f Ch\u237\'3f Minh v\u7873\'3f chi\u7871\'3fn l\u432\'3f\u7907\'3fc \u8220\'3ftr\u7891\'3fng ng\u432\'3f\u7901\'3fi\u8221\'3f
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs20
Project Review
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
This is a great spot to add a summary of the project you are discussing. In the topics, elaborate on the particulars of your project.
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Summary of Project
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
What was the project's name? 

Give a short summary of what the project was and its stated goal.
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Timeline:
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
What was the expected timeline and what was the actual timeline?
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Budget:
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
1. What was the expected budget for this project? 
2. What was actually spent?
\par\pard\plain}
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Resources:
}
\par\pard\plain
{\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
You can link to any relevant project documents, presentations, assets, or other items that would be helpful.
\par\pard\plain}
}